New in 2.1.0
Redesigned the player system to separate accounts from characters. Players now create an account and then create characters within that account.
After logging in, players see a character selection screen where they can pick an existing character or create a new one.
Character data is now stored under accounts/{account}/{character}/ instead of chars/{name}/.
Existing players using the old chars/ system are automatically migrated to the new accounts/ structure on login.
The admin utility tool now supports the new account-based file structure.

New in 2.0.5
Fixed a bug where depositing a negative amount of coins into a shelter bank account would give the player coins instead of taking them.
The admingun can now only be drawn and fired by admins or developers. Non-admin players who somehow obtain it will be blocked from using it.
Fixed a bug where /enableadmingun and /disableadmingun commands had no effect due to setting a local variable instead of the global one.

New in 2.0.4
Added account menu. Login, register, setup account, and reset password are now combined in one menu accessible from the main menu. The account menu checks if the server is online before allowing access.
Server-side menus like /changes now display in a form for a cleaner look.
Store now displays in a form with an items list, item description, amount input box, and a buy button.
Message of the day now displays in a form instead of a plain dialog. In-game MOTD request also uses a form.
Moved account setup out of game settings and into the account menu.

New in 2.0.3
Added a welcome screen that displays on first run with game rules. Players must check the agree checkbox and click continue before they can play.
Added /debug command. Type /debug in the command prompt (shift+slash) to view debug information in a form, including position, map, level, XP, network stats, and more.
Added configure server option to the settings menu. This option is only available when running from source and allows setting the server address and port in a form.

New in 2.0.2
Integrated form.bgt (audio_form) into the project.
Converted the options/settings menu to use audio_form with checkboxes for toggle settings and buttons for actions.
Converted account creation dialog to use audio_form with username and password input fields.
Converted account setup dialog to use audio_form with username and password input fields.
Converted password reset dialog to use audio_form with character name input field.
All form-based dialogs now support tab navigation, keyboard shortcuts, and accessible screen reader output.

New in 2.0.1
added enable and disable buffer beep option to game settings menu for enabling or disabling buffer beep.
added /resetnickname playername command for admins to reset someone's name to default
added /disableaccountcreation and /enableaccountcreation for admins to disable/ enable account creation on the server.
added /enablelogin and disablelogin for admins to enabling / disabling login to the server.
added locker system.
added corpse system.

New in 2.0.0
Added resurrections! When you reach level 3000, you will be resurrect, you will have the first level again. For resurrection, you will receive a reward
New items! gift, xp_box, death_free_card!
Added double experience and super experience! Enabled by administrators
Fixed some bugs

New in 1.99.9
Fixed the client side message of the day system
Added doors and auto moovers
1 new sound of death
Jail added!
Now when you sit down, another sound plays, also, the sound plays when you get up
Changed the sound of connecting to the game
2 new welcome sounds
Changed the auction sounds, online and offline sounds, and the team message sound
Redesigned the voting system
Added sounds when you set and remove the admin or builder flag
Added a sound when you delete the map
New sounds of animal cutting
Added map loading sounds
The new sound of opening and closing inventory
Added a readme! Note, it is not yet fully ready, as long as only the control keys in the game are written there
Changed the sounds of falling
Added other sounds of blood when hitting the character
Added extra sound when the character dies

New in 1.99.8
added radio!
Each builder on the map can put a link that will be played
also added new hot keys: alt page up, increase the radio volume, alt page down, decrease

New in 1.99.7
Added kode for the bike, maybe it will be soon
5 new welcome sounds
a new sound of getting up, a new sound of raising the level
now when killing animals you can pick up corpses that can be cut and their meat to fry on the fire
new items! Fight_inviter, stat_cleaner, music_box, mega_suicider, fire_starter!
added buffer beeps
when connecting to the server will play short sound
added food and drinks!
now, empty beer bottles and cans from apple juice can be thrown at each other!
when you buy something in the store, different sounds are played
new sound of opening and closing inventory
some phrases have been replaced. For example: enter chat has been replaced with please enter your message
now, when the character has low health left, additional blood sounds are played when hitting it

New in 1.99.6
Small update
as requested, now when holding shift you can still walk
removed the old readme, when I rewrite it, I will add a new one

New in 1.99.5
Fixed bugs in new robots
4 new death sounds!
The fall sound has been replaced with 7 new sounds
4 new hit sounds

New in 1.99.3
The zone tracking menu has been moved to grave
turns have been moved to q and e
if you have a cannon or zulfikar weapon in your hands, you can't jump
now you can't switch weapons in slots when jumping

New in 1.99.2
fixed bugs with turns

New in 1.99.1
added sounds for new robots, robots will be a little later
8 new welcome sounds!
the jumping system has been redesigned, now the player jumps perfectly!
removed running with shift
now in the jump you can not open the team menu and the social menu
now when the player sits down, an additional sound is played
Jplayer was removed
I left only one music in the menu
new tiles! concussive, hipersound, mine!
* concussive: puts a concussive grenade,
* hipersound: puts a hipersound bomb,
* mine: puts a mine
added sound on auction cancellation

New in 1.99.0
added 2 new weapons! Storm_sniper and the_legendary_sword!
press u to send a message to the team
press shift u to open the team menu, from which you can see how many teams there are on the server, create a new team, join an existing team, exit the team, see how many members are in your team, change the password of your team
added socials! Press v to open the social menu!
1 new welcome sound!
changed the team message sound

New in 1.98.8
stun added to tiles menu
* stun: when a character steps on this tile, a stun grenade appears

New in 1.98.7
New keyboard shortcuts!
now, when running the game guess the number, do not enter /gnsubmit, and just press shift-g and enter a number
when the auction is running, press o to bid
hit k to cancel bid
if this is your auction, press shift k to cansle it
press y to send message to admins in admintell
when run event, now no need to write /joinevent id, you can simply press shift e and enter the id!
press shift v to reply to last private message

New in 1.98.6
Suicide and teleport added to tiles menu
* suicide: when a character steps on this surface, a suicide bomb appears in that place
* teleport: when a character steps on this surface, it teleports to coordinates 0, 0, 0

New in 1.98.4
Added different sounds for closing and opening inventory!
Several new sounds of moving around the inventory.
new level-up sound.
now play different sounds when entering the game!
1 new sound of getting up
changed the sounds of feet and fists.
9 new sounds of receiving a gift!

New in 1.98.3
you Can now select hazard from the tiles menu!
Made a challenge maps system! soon there will be maps that you can pass and get any reward!

New in 1.98.2
now the char will not slow Down when taking any weapon.

New in 1.98.1
Now the char runs a little faster.

New in 1.98.0
you Can now press shift l to see how much experience you have left until the next level.
As requested, I returned the /where command for normal users, but now it displays information only about which map the player is on.

New in 1.97.9
Added 13 new songs in the jplayer.
new robots, 4 kirills! Especially for them, the world of Kirillov map will be built, you can go there from the store!
Changed the sounds of hitting the character.

New in 1.97.8
Swapped some hot keys: Now, by clicking the left or right brackets, you will move through the buffers, and the dot and comma will move through the buffer messages.

New in 1.97.7
Deleted unnecessary music from jplayer and added a new one.
Added new robots
 Added 10 new level-up sounds, now they will play randomly.
Replaced the sound of using a fire extinguisher.

New in 1.97.6
Returned the hipersound bomb!

New in 1.97.5
Hipersound bomb has been removed for a while

New in 1.97.4
Added a new type of bomb, Hipersound_bomb!
* these bombs stun people standing within a radius of 20 tiles for a few seconds.

New in 1.97.3
now, after updates, the game files will be replaced themselves, and the game will automatically start.
Reduced the time after skipping the logo and checking the speakers.

New in 1.97.2
Moving to a new version with bug fixes.

New in 1.97.1
Added Many new tiles and ambience
Connection timer has decreased, 
now the client will connect to the server faster.
Some sounds have been changed. I also changed the logo and replaced all the music in the menu with a more epic one.
Added a new weapon: zulfikar!
Added a new rank of the player. Builder!
Fixed some bugs
For admins: reduced the writing of the command /garbage_collect, now /garbage.
Now, when changing the message of the day, cleaning garbage and cleaning spam characters, the corresponding sounds are played
When creating a new character, players who at the time of creation are on the server, it will be reported that a new character has been created!

New in 1.97.0
cleaned the menu
at the request of players added the ability to disable the playback of the logo.
deleted a bunch of unnecessary crap.
deleted the email request when creating the player.
at the request of the players made, now if you put tile air will fall down!
I tried to add local chat, errors are possible, now it works crookedly, sucks, but it works!
